docs/integrations/snyk-studio-agentic-integrations/README.md, before:

# Snyk Studio - Agentic integrations

## Agentic workflows

Agentic workflows are changing how we build software. AI assistants now help write code, automate tasks, and speed up development. While this boosts productivity, it is crucial to ensure the code generated by AI is secure. Snyk offers tools to provide these essential security guardrails in agentic workflows, letting you innovate quickly and safely.

The speed of AI development brings new security risks. Like human developers, AI models can generate code with vulnerabilities, use outdated libraries, or suggest insecure practices. Without proper checks, these flaws can slip into your applications, increasing your security risks, or consume unnecessary bandwidth from your developers to address. Snyk helps you prevent this by embedding security directly into your AI-assisted workflows.

Snyk integrates its security expertise into these AI workflows using the Model Context Protocol (MCP). MCP is an open standard that lets AI tools communicate with platforms like Snyk to get necessary context and perform actions. [Snyk Studio](../../discover-snyk/getting-started/glossary.md#snyk-studio), which includes Snyk's MCP server as part of the Snyk CLI, allows AI agents to use Snyk's scanning capabilities directly.

This integration means your AI assistants can autonomously run Snyk scans to identify security risk in your applications. As AI generates or suggests code, it can instantly check with Snyk for vulnerabilities. This brings security checks right into the early stages of AI-powered development, enabling you to catch and resolve issues before they become bigger problems. Snyk Studio also enables security-specific workflows, providing a mechanism to remediate existing security issues at scale.

Snyk Studio's support works hand-in-hand with the existing Snyk IDE plugins. While IDE plugins offer real-time feedback to developers as they code, Snyk Studio extends this security coverage to AI-generated code. This creates a powerful combination, ensuring both human-written and AI-generated code is checked, providing a secure foundation for your AI-driven development.

## Local and remote MCP server support

The Snyk MCP Server is designed as a local MCP server, running on your system using the Snyk CLI to ensure local file access.

Snyk does not offer a hosted, remote version of its MCP server.

## Snyk Studio tools

Snyk Studio supports integrating the following Snyk security tools into an AI system:

* `snyk_sca_scan` (Open Source scan)
* `snyk_code_scan` (Code scan)
* `snyk_iac_scan` (IaC scan)
* `snyk_container_scan` (Container scan)
* `snyk_sbom_scan` (SBOM file scan)
* `snyk_aibom` (Create AIBOM)
* `snyk_trust` (Trust a given folder before running a scan)
* `snyk_auth` (authentication)
* `snyk_logout` (logout)
* `snyk_version` (version information)

{% hint style="warning" %}
Running `snyk_sca_scan` may execute third-party ecosystem tools (for example, Gradle or Maven) on your machine to fetch the project's dependency tree.
{% endhint %}

To learn more about Snyk MCP install and configuration, visit [Quickstart guides for MCP](quickstart-guides-for-snyk-studio/).

To learn how to resolve encountered issues, visit [Troubleshooting](troubleshooting.md).

Commit message:

GITBOOK-9957: AL - Merged-Snyk Studio- move from beta + add some references to Snyk studio and enterprise rollout

docs/integrations/snyk-studio-agentic-integrations/README.md, after:

# Snyk Studio - Agentic integrations

## Agentic workflows

Agentic workflows are changing how we build software. AI assistants now help write code, automate tasks, and speed up development. While this boosts productivity, it is crucial to ensure the code generated by AI is secure. Snyk offers tools to provide these essential security guardrails in agentic workflows, letting you innovate quickly and safely.

The speed of AI development brings new security risks. Like human developers, AI models can generate code with vulnerabilities, use outdated libraries, or suggest insecure practices. Without proper checks, these flaws can slip into your applications, increasing your security risks, or consume unnecessary bandwidth from your developers to address. Snyk helps you prevent this by embedding security directly into your AI-assisted workflows.

Snyk integrates its security expertise into these AI workflows using the Model Context Protocol (MCP). MCP is an open standard that lets AI tools communicate with platforms like Snyk to get necessary context and perform actions. [Snyk Studio](../../discover-snyk/getting-started/glossary.md#snyk-studio), which includes Snyk's MCP server as part of the Snyk CLI, allows AI agents to use Snyk's scanning capabilities directly.

This integration means your AI assistants can autonomously run Snyk scans to identify security risk in your applications right at the inception of the code. As AI generates or suggests code, it can instantly check with Snyk for vulnerabilities. This brings security checks right into the early stages of AI-powered development, enabling you to catch and resolve issues before they become bigger problems. Snyk Studio also enables security-specific workflows, providing a mechanism to remediate existing security issues at scale. Additionally, it offers various deployment options at scale to serve our enterprise customers in a centralized and effective governance manner.

Snyk Studio's support works hand-in-hand with the existing Snyk IDE plugins. While IDE plugins offer real-time feedback to developers as they code, Snyk Studio extends this security coverage to AI-generated code. This creates a powerful combination, ensuring both human-written and AI-generated code is checked, providing a secure foundation for your AI-driven development.

## Local and remote MCP server support

The Snyk MCP Server is designed as a local MCP server, running on your system using the Snyk CLI to ensure local file access.

Snyk does not offer a hosted, remote version of its MCP server.

## Snyk Studio tools

Snyk Studio supports integrating the following Snyk security tools into an AI system:

* `snyk_sca_scan` (Open Source scan)
* `snyk_code_scan` (Code scan)
* `snyk_iac_scan` (IaC scan)
* `snyk_container_scan` (Container scan)
* `snyk_sbom_scan` (SBOM file scan)
* `snyk_aibom` (Create AIBOM)
* `snyk_trust` (Trust a given folder before running a scan)
* `snyk_auth` (authentication)
* `snyk_logout` (logout)
* `snyk_version` (version information)

{% hint style="warning" %}
Running `snyk_sca_scan` may execute third-party ecosystem tools (for example, Gradle or Maven) on your machine to fetch the project's dependency tree.
{% endhint %}

To learn more about Snyk MCP install and configuration, visit [Quickstart guides for MCP](quickstart-guides-for-snyk-studio/).

To learn how to resolve encountered issues, visit [Troubleshooting](troubleshooting.md).
