docs/enterprise-setup/snyk-broker/universal-broker/deployment-tips-and-reference-architectures.md, before:

# Deployment tips and reference architectures

{% hint style="info" %}
You can learn more about deployment and architecture, and more, with the [Universal Broker Snyk Learn ](https://learn.snyk.io/lesson/universal-broker/#3f799f7f-58a9-4225-53fb-9cc5b6913920)course.
{% endhint %}

The Universal Broker allows you to run multiple connections of any type using a single container. Snyk recommends running in High Availability Mode (on by default), to run multiple replicas.

On Kubernetes systems, the Helm chart creates a stateful set with numerous members, automatically creating multiple replicas.

In other orchestrators, you must create multiple replicas explicitly in your deployment configuration.

Usage of resources varies based on a number of factors, making it difficult to model the actual use of resources (CPU and memory) for the container. Each deployment is limited to a maximum of 25 connections to avoid exhaustion of resources.

If you find you need more resource segregation or allocation that does not fit well into a single container setup, you can create a new deployment with its set of connections to split the load across numerous Broker clients and containers.

Note that moving connections from deployment A to deployment B is not supported.

Contact your Snyk account team or [Snyk support](https://support.snyk.io/s/) if you need more assistance designing a Universal Broker architecture for your needs.

Commit message:

GITBOOK-10018: MR - restored reverted Broker content

docs/enterprise-setup/snyk-broker/universal-broker/deployment-tips-and-reference-architectures.md, after:

# Deployment tips and reference architectures

{% hint style="info" %}
You can learn more about deployment and architecture, and more, with the [Universal Broker Snyk Learn ](https://learn.snyk.io/lesson/universal-broker/#3f799f7f-58a9-4225-53fb-9cc5b6913920)course.
{% endhint %}

The Universal Broker allows you to run multiple connections of any type using a single container. Snyk recommends running in High Availability Mode (on by default), to run multiple replicas.

On Kubernetes, the Helm chart creates a stateful set with numerous members, automatically creating multiple replicas.

In other orchestrators, such as Docker Compose, you must create multiple replicas explicitly in your deployment configuration.

Usage of resources varies based on a number of factors, making it difficult to model the actual use of resources (CPU and memory) for the container. Each deployment is limited to a maximum of 25 connections to avoid exhaustion of resources.

If you find you need more resource segregation or allocation that does not fit well into a single container setup, you can create a new deployment with its set of connections to split the load across numerous Broker clients and containers.

Note that moving connections from deployment A to deployment B is not supported.

Contact your Snyk account team or [Snyk support](https://support.snyk.io/s/) if you need more assistance designing a Universal Broker architecture for your needs.

### High Availability Mode

High Availability Mode for a Universal Broker deployment is enabled by default and can be disabled by by setting the `BROKER_HA_MODE_ENABLED=false` environment variable inside the container. When this mode is enabled, the Universal Broker deployment will support up to four Broker client replicas.&#x20;

For more information on High Availability Mode, please refer to the [HA mode documentation page.](../../../implementation-and-setup/enterprise-setup/snyk-broker/high-availability-mode.md)
