docs/cli-ide-and-ci-cd-integrations/snyk-cli/commands/code-test.md, before:

# Code test

## Usage

`snyk code test [<OPTIONS>] [<PATH>]`

## Description

The `snyk code test` command tests source code for any known security issues (Static Application Security Testing).

## Exit codes

Possible exit codes and their meaning:

**0**: success (scan completed), no vulnerabilities found\
**1**: action\_needed (scan completed), vulnerabilities found\
**2**: failure, try to re-run the command. Use `-d` to output the debug logs.\
**3**: failure, no supported projects detected

## Configure the Snyk CLI

## Debug

Use the `-d` option to output the debug logs.

## Options

### `--org=<ORG_ID>`

Specify the `<ORG_ID>`to run Snyk commands tied to a specific Snyk Organization. The `<ORG_ID>` influences private test limits.

If you have multiple Organizations, you can set a default from the CLI using:

`$ snyk config set org=<ORG_ID>`

Set a default to ensure all newly tested projects are tested under your default Organization. If you need to override the default, use the `--org=<ORG_ID>` option.

Default: `<ORG_ID>` that is the current preferred Organization in your [Account settings](https://app.snyk.io/account)

**Note:** You can also use `--org=<orgslugname>.` The `ORG_ID` works in both the CLI and the API. The Organization slug name works in the CLI, but not in the API.

`orgslugname` must match the slug name as displayed in the URL of your org in the Snyk UI: `https://app.snyk.io/org/[orgslugname]`. The orgname does not work.

For more information, see the article [How to select the Organization to use in the CLI](https://docs.snyk.io/snyk-cli/scan-and-maintain-projects-using-the-cli/how-to-select-the-organization-to-use-in-the-cli)

### `--json`

Print results on the console as a JSON data structure.

Example: `$ snyk code test --json`

### `--json-file-output=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>`

Save test output as a JSON data structure directly to the specified file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--json` option.

Use to display the human-readable test output using stdout and, at the same time, save the JSON data structure output to a file.

For SAST, if no issues are found, Snyk does not create a `json` file. In contrast, for open source, Snyk creates a file whether or not issues are found.

Example: `$ snyk code test --json-file-output=vuln.json`

### `--sarif`

Return results in SARIF format.

Example: `$ snyk code test --sarif`

### `--sarif-file-output=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>`

Save test output in SARIF format directly to the \<OUTPUT\_FILE\_PATH> file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--sarif` option.

Use to display the human-readable test output using stdout and, at the same time, save the SARIF format output to a file.

### `--severity-threshold=<low|medium|high>`

Report only vulnerabilities at the specified level or higher.

**Note**: The Snyk Code configuration issues do not use the `critical` severity level.

Commit message:

docs(cli): document --report for snyk code test with usage, naming rules, size limit
Add `--report` to `snyk code test` docs in both CLI doc locations. Include example command with "--project-name" double quotes, naming character constraints, and 6MB SARIF payload limit note. No behavioral changes.

docs/cli-ide-and-ci-cd-integrations/snyk-cli/commands/code-test.md, after:

# Code test

## Usage

`snyk code test [<OPTIONS>] [<PATH>]`

## Description

The `snyk code test` command tests source code for any known security issues (Static Application Security Testing).

## Exit codes

Possible exit codes and their meaning:

**0**: success (scan completed), no vulnerabilities found\
**1**: action\_needed (scan completed), vulnerabilities found\
**2**: failure, try to re-run the command. Use `-d` to output the debug logs.\
**3**: failure, no supported projects detected

## Configure the Snyk CLI

## Debug

Use the `-d` option to output the debug logs.

## Options

### `--org=<ORG_ID>`

Specify the `<ORG_ID>`to run Snyk commands tied to a specific Snyk Organization. The `<ORG_ID>` influences private test limits.

If you have multiple Organizations, you can set a default from the CLI using:

`$ snyk config set org=<ORG_ID>`

Set a default to ensure all newly tested projects are tested under your default Organization. If you need to override the default, use the `--org=<ORG_ID>` option.

Default: `<ORG_ID>` that is the current preferred Organization in your [Account settings](https://app.snyk.io/account)

**Note:** You can also use `--org=<orgslugname>.` The `ORG_ID` works in both the CLI and the API. The Organization slug name works in the CLI, but not in the API.

`orgslugname` must match the slug name as displayed in the URL of your org in the Snyk UI: `https://app.snyk.io/org/[orgslugname]`. The orgname does not work.

For more information, see the article [How to select the Organization to use in the CLI](https://docs.snyk.io/snyk-cli/scan-and-maintain-projects-using-the-cli/how-to-select-the-organization-to-use-in-the-cli)

### `--json`

Print results on the console as a JSON data structure.

Example: `$ snyk code test --json`

### `--json-file-output=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>`

Save test output as a JSON data structure directly to the specified file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--json` option.

Use to display the human-readable test output using stdout and, at the same time, save the JSON data structure output to a file.

For SAST, if no issues are found, Snyk does not create a `json` file. In contrast, for open source, Snyk creates a file whether or not issues are found.

Example: `$ snyk code test --json-file-output=vuln.json`

### `--sarif`

Return results in SARIF format.

Example: `$ snyk code test --sarif`

### `--sarif-file-output=<OUTPUT_FILE_PATH>`

Save test output in SARIF format directly to the \<OUTPUT\_FILE\_PATH> file, regardless of whether or not you use the `--sarif` option.

Use to display the human-readable test output using stdout and, at the same time, save the SARIF format output to a file.

### `--report`

Share CLI results with the Snyk Web UI.

```
snyk code test --report --project-name="<PROJECT_NAME>"
```

- Project name must be in double quotation marks. Single quotes or missing quotes will result in an error.
- Project name must contain only alphanumeric characters, forward slashes (/), dashes (-), underscores (_), and square brackets ([]).
- There is a temporary limit of 6MB for the resulting payload. If the SARIF output is larger than 6MB, the process will not complete.

### `--severity-threshold=<low|medium|high>`

Report only vulnerabilities at the specified level or higher.

**Note**: The Snyk Code configuration issues do not use the `critical` severity level.
